first level base health is too high. I have to strike the base far too many times, each strike takes off 1% of the health. 

when enemies come to attack, and they swarm, it's very hard to see their cues for direct attacks. When they come one by one, it's great. But since it's proximity selection (?) when there's 2 or more right on top of each other, you can't see which one you're going to attack. You get confused, trying to strike them, but none of the attacks are working, because there's too many conflicting layers of kill melody cues to play. 
The whole "chain lightning" charge up is great in these swarm situations. But it's not like the relationship between the attacks / charge up / summons is super intuitive. The straight "attack" cue on the side of the screen with the timer, what's the idea with that? I've been resorting to button mashing to maybe cue kill melodies on one of the incoming swarming enemies and the timer cue conflicts with the enemy unit kill cues, when does one of the notes that I play get registered as a kill stroke for an enemy unit, when is it registered as a charge up, it just is super confusing and it can't afford to be.

The gameplay needs to be solid and intuitive, fun and clear for learning and musically amazing to play, and fun, too. This isn't a nut that'll be cracked right away, it needs to be worked on, but right now it's just confusing. We need to work on getting 30 seconds of solid, solid gameplay down. After that, we can just keep repeating it in so may different situations. Like with Halo, it's basically 30 seconds of fun, repeated in so many different ways. We want to get an addicting aspect going to it. Especially once this is multiplayer, where you can have PvP or team-based or turn-based gameplay. 

at victory screen, the buttons to "play again" or "world map" can't be pressed until the victory song is played. The victory song should be a nice add on, not a necessity. And the relationship between the victory song and the level just beaten is definitely not clear. It could be cued at the start of the level, where you are selecting your settings for that level, like a teaser. 

system map: should be able to zoom out further, to see all of the levels. The level of zoom in you can get to is fine. Once I've completed the tutorial and I'm at tutorial complete, looking at the system map, and try to select The Crossroads, I can't select a region. Gameplay stops because i can't progress any further from the system map. the "choose a region" button is grayed out and I can't select any levels to play except for the tutorial levels. 

I want an early start on improving graphics alongside gameplay. Are we there yet? I would like to start incorporating three.js visualization for the system map, if that's a good direction to go. https://x.com/AhmedShahnab/status/2026999437583597920 and https://shahnab.github.io/VeinsoftheEarthV2/ Art direction is an open question right now, I just want to put it out there


i want gameplay to be more rhythmic. i want the game to make some rhythmic things that the player can play along with and maybe create, i dunno, some MUSIC with the game? People have to want to spend money on the game. What are they purchasing? They're buying a learning program. 
We can start to focus on different gameplay elements, each area of the system map should focus more and more on different aspects. 